UPDATE: TeensyluV1 is a complete redesign of the board. I have moved the power connector closer to the mosfets. Pins have changed! This new board is slightly larger than the older versions - It now matches the size of the Teensylu2
The hotend and bed connectors have changed to high power connectors. The main power connector can either be  screw connector, or a 6-Pin ATX-PCIE power connector. Please note the orientation of the connector and the polarity! Do not use the older 4 pin ATX connector!!!
It is highly recommended that this board is built using 2oz-in copper. Less than that may lead to board damage or FIRE!
I recommend a 15 Amp fuse in the mini-blade fuse holder.

I do not recommend using the older teensylu boards, get the TeensyluV1 board and use the added safety features.

I have decided to release 2 different versions of the board, The 2 Layer version, and 4 Layer version. The 4 layer version has greater power capacity due to uninterrupted power planes. The 2 layer version will be cheaper to manufacture. Functionally the boards are identical. I would prefer the 4 layer version, but I realize that COST is a major issue (up to 3 times the cost to manufacture 4 layer versus 2 layer).

As with all hobbiest electronics, there is a certain degree of risk involved. I had hoped that by making this project open source, that users would provide feedback and improvements to the design.
This has not happened.

Again, Use this board at your own risk!
I am releasing these designs without warranty or guarantee.

There is no such thing as a "Safe" 3d printer controller. Keep a smoke detector nearby and have a fire extinguisher handy. Do NOT the leave unattended. Disconnect from power source when not in use.

http://reprap.org/wiki/Teensylu

If you'd like to donate so I can buy the full version of Eagle, and make more cool stuff, please contact me through Google+ at https://plus.google.com/+StephanieS3D

Disclaimer:
These designs are provided without any warrenty, expressed or implied. This is a prototype designed for hobbiest use only.
Care should be taken during use and appropriate safety precautions taken.
The author is providing this item "as is". The author does not provide any warranty of the item whatsoever, whether express, implied, or statutory, including, but not limited to, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or any warranty that the contents of the item will be error-free.
In no respect shall the author incur any liability for any damages, including, but limited to, direct, indirect, special, or consequential damages arising out of, resulting from, or any way connected to the use of the item, whether or not based upon warranty, contract, tort, or otherwise; whether or not injury was sustained by persons or property or otherwise; and whether or not loss was sustained from, or arose out of, the results of, the item, or any services that may be provided by the author.